Um, I have a little to me. Yeah. Maybe it's wish. For the house. Yeah, it'll be helpful, then. Okay, sure. It's the coldest thing to protect us. Yeah, we can just say it last night. We'll go ahead. All right. Okay, so. (sighs) - A little bit. [ Pause ] [ Pause ] [ Pause ] [ Pause ] [] [noise] [noise] [noise] [noise] Okay, well, we're in a small room so I can just kind of [laugh] Well, we're in a small room so I can just kind of......shout out, am I? They're so tiny, they're mine. Is it just an HDMI? Okay, yeah, I can just chuck in the......trying to crack this. I can go in here. So that's two? Yeah, I can. That should work. There we go. There we go. There we go. All right. So you are going to get the strategic initiatives orientation. Please stop me if you have any questions. Do you have any questions? Okay. Okay. So yeah, I guess to start, I think, from your understanding of Aman, you are getting like the broad picture that is definitely what we strive to do, I guess in terms of holistic healing, holistic community development within, like broader angle wood as well as like Chicago lawn area. So I'm on actually started in 1997 as kind of an organizing in advocacy group. And since then has really expanded into a lot of these different projects in service areas in which we are kind of done more of a focus in terms of like actual interventions in terms of community community healing and wellness. In terms of strategic initiatives and kind of the work that I do in Sanadas, it's really broken out into five main focus areas. So, Aman has a lot of hands in holistic healthcare, reentry, our food ecosystems, and then what we call a fiber community nodes in model and coalition building. So, in terms of holistic healthcare, we find that as a community health and wellness in Chicago's inner city, the main project here would be our federally qualified health center, which we are currently in the final stages of fundraising and our capital stack to expand and build out this health center. It's currently one one story. I'm 3500 square feet and we'll be adding on two levels to it and really expanding the capacity and services that we're providing. So that is a huge project that we're hoping to push forward into the final stage and break around this year. In terms of holistic re-entry, Aman has supportive housing, as well as work force development programs in a lot of wraparound support for people who are coming out of the justice system or people impacted by the justice system. Our big capital project for this and one of the things that we're also working on right now is something called the regenerator project and we will get deeper into all of these things in the coming slides, but that is a The project where we are transforming an old elementary school that was closed down in 2003 as part of kind of a citywide shutdown of public schools and Goldwood was impacted the the most and those closings. I think there was three schools in Englewood that were closed during that and The they've all set vacant since then and this is a project to turn that school into a permanent supportive housing hub I think it would have over 20 housing units, supporting families up to four, as well as another, I think, 12 of two person units. And then on the bottom floor of that, there would also be another federally qualified health center. Initially the plans are for a mon to operate that health center but currently with with the expansion of our health center we're kind of focusing on that right now and realizing it we probably need to we're gonna probably contract that out to someone else. We have other partners within the medical space who would be who we're in conversations with for that. Food ecosystem. That's kind of where I work the most. I typically am in station at the fresh market. So Iman owns it and operates a grocery store in Englewood on 63rd and Racine, which is the Go Green Community Fresh Market. We have different programs there to drive like innovative solutions to expand access and affordability for nutritious food and increase kind of the opportunity for people in Englewood and in the South Side to engage in the local regional food system. We also own an operate a food and wellness center, which is a client choice food pantry right across the street from the fresh market. And that's, those two are really intertwined together and kind of do a lot of work in terms of our food ecosystems. In terms of either community nodes, this is something we kind of foster through different kind of sectors of different spaces that amount of owns to kind of bring arts and organizing as well as kind of spiritual life. So spaces for community together celebrate. We have one of the main spaces spaces, this is the griot plaza we call it. It's on the west side, connected to the parking lot of the fresh market, but it's a beautiful plaza with a mural on kind of the east facade of the fresh market as well as a mural on the on the pavements and we use a space we've activated it for like concerts, kind of like poetry readings, as well as organizing spaces. We're working also to kind of renovate the a Mon headquarter, which is on 63rd in California, to have a cafe open to the community, and a Mon being a Muslim-oriented organization. There's also a lot of prayer spaces and space for people of all the combinations to kind of, you know, practice spiritual connection as well in terms of that kind of holistic approach to health and wellness. We also have a arts and culture department and a ceramic studio that runs free classes once a week. And then model and coalition building, that is kind of a more of a long-term approach to implementing our plans, kind of what we're talking about today, in terms of this project, how do we go about building connections for strategic partnerships, and sharing community vision with other organizations, and angle it in across Chicago and even across the state, and improving quality of life in Anglwood on the south side in Chicago on and kind of closing that life expectancy gap that we see. So now I'm gonna kind of walk a little bit more in depth on the different projects. So holistic health care, in terms of our mission and vision so the mission is to provide cultural and health care to structure the disadvantaged communities in reach the health well-being of patients and then emphasizing food is medicine in the healing power of the arts. So once again really taking that kind of holistic approach to to health care. The vision here is to empower people and communities to thrive holistically, physically, mentally, and spiritually. In terms of the healthcare expansion, the impacts, right now we operate a medical health center in one building, and then we have a behavioral health center, which is across the street in our main campus, where our offices are. So this would put all those under one roof, which would really integrate care and improve that handoff between those two departments that really work closely together. So we'd really expand our team, expand the capacity. Obviously, we're building more office space, more rooms to see patients. And really, that integrated care model is something that is kind of a big driving for us of why we saw the need to expand and kind of bring all this under one roof. With that, we, you know, expanding kind of increasing our services in the food is medicine. That's something we try to integrate these in all these different pillars. So obviously food is medicine is something that the fresh market kind of has a hand-in. This is something we're looking to increase kind of that how we work with the health center in terms of providing and recommending services for patients who are experiencing food insecurity and how we can get them benefits of that through Medicaid, food is medicine programs. There is, we run programs with British Chicago food depository to provide food credits for people. That's something we'll get into in the food ecosystems work. Arts and organizing, so kind of that art healing and how we can integrate our culture department into like health and wellness. There's a spiritual care, and then that's the most coordination and comprehensive case management. As part of the expansion, there's also going to be a rooftop garden space, so kind of spaces for meditation, places for people to relax and green space, you know, so kind of spaces for meditation, places for people to relax on a green space, which is not in abundance in the area and there's also these conference rooms for the community to gather and meet and come together. In terms of the holistic reentry, so this is the main project here would be the regenerator, but we also run a green reentry program, which is more of our workforce development training. So for people, typically, if people come out of the justice system, there There is we have trainings in nine different, I think it's seven different trades. So, we're going to try highlights from the past, I think this is 2024. We had 350 participants who graduated from this program with a 91% retention rate. I need to figure out kind of the job placement rate for that, that's something I'll update. And if you guys have questions after this, definitely let it be no, and we'll, you know, we'll, I'll be able to follow up with anything. And then we also currently run nine rehab housing units around kind of mostly in the Chicago long area near our headquarters. So these are old houses that Aman has bought and through kind of these workforce development trainings. We have one of the big one is construction. So we have kind of utilized the Green Reentry Program for some of these projects in terms of construction and revitalizing these houses. And then these are open for supportive housing for people kind of need that gap or that space too. You don't want to coming out of the justice system to find work in housing on their own. We're looking to expand this the Green Wrenchy Program through a couple of initiatives. So one of them is just an overall operational expansion of the program. So expanding the workforce development capacity, we're trying to go from like 50 person cohorts to 100 and adding in three new trades, being culinary automotive and electric vehicle charging technology. I guess there's currently five, so we're moving from five to eight, and the current five would be carpentry, welding, HVAC, commercial custodial and landscaping. And then the housing expansion, so this would be the regenerator project. We're also looking to open a house just explicitly for women. And then wrap around services. This has kind of been tied into the health center. But ensuring that everyone has proper health care, case management, and legal aid, food access, transit support, which is another thing that Aman has their hands in, and personal and professional development opportunities. So kind of ensuring that all those services are provided as well as just kind of housing. And then the regenerator project, which is another of our kind of the two big capital projects right now, would be the Health Center expansion and this regenerator project. These are both over $20 million projects. So this has been in the works for a while, and we're also kind of nearing some of the final stages of closing this and hoping to break ground in this year. This will provide additional access to supportive housing. And I would say right now don't write down any of these numbers. I can get you, because these things change and this probably needs to be updated. But I think the initial plan was for 48 supportive housing units and like I said I think I would even actually just distract that because those numbers are changed. We've gone from one to two bedrooms to four for person and two person rooms and then similarly this will also co-locate a pharmacy urgent care on that first floor. So promoting health and wellness and kind of that integrated service as well as creating economic opportunities. So local employment and every stage of this development as well as access to that workforce development program into green reentry. So this is an image of kind of what it will look like. And as well as the team that is working on it. So the developers, we're working with Gorman Architects, Gorman to kind of design and then and develop the property. And then currently kind of going through the contracts for who will do the actual construction. If you're interested in learning more and watching a documentary about these school closings and how they're being repurposed, their general project was highlighted in this film, beyond closure. It opened and it was released in December 2024 and another was showing kind of across the city last year. So I definitely recommend checking that out if you have the opportunity. All right and then food ecosystems. So this would be the fresh market and the Food and Wellness Center. The driving, innovative solutions for food justice while expanding through the access to the Trisha's Foods and Nutrition Initiatives. This developed through just obviously seeing a need for access to fresh food in the neighborhood. It also developed kind of through a campaign that Aman was a part of. It was an organizing and advocacy campaign for corner stores in Englewood and the area to increase their access or increase their like carry. So having more like fresh food in their stores. If you go down to Englewood and we're trying to plan like a trip to get you to the fresh market and give you a tour of all these different projects and properties that Aman is working on, you'll see a lot of corner stores in the area and those are typically filled with processed foods, kind of like a 7-11. So there's not a lot of access to like real groceries and fresh produce. So this was the Corners Store campaign, was kind of this initiative to get, also be like East tensions between owners and kind of the customers and provide more fresh produce. But as you can see, kind of some of these numbers is a high need for fresh food in Englewood. It has about 60% of the population is at the federal poverty level, which would make them applicable for food assistance programs such as SNAP and EBT. So this is kind of the launching development timeline of the Fresh Market. The location that the Fresh Market is currently in used to be a different corner store. That was part of the campaign and then that that store had a fire that kind of tore down the building or damaged it so that the current owner was unable to restore it and had to sell it as part of the Gogreen unreasoned Gogreen development group. We were urged to versus the land and turn it into this model grocery store and it'll be ultimately be in the fresh market. In February 2020 we broke ground. We opened the store in March 2022. We've been open for four years of as of this March and in June 2024 we opened the Greal Plaza and guys are kind of plans for future and beyond. We're looking to kind of continue expanding capacity. So that's kind of a, I think, something that kind of, you'll hear me recurring, you know, where's how do we kind of grow on these things, whether that's the health center or at the fresh market to service more people. It also, in terms of a grocery store, it makes sense financially to have a larger footprint. And yeah, that's the timeline. And then going into the community impact of the fresh market. It's the pillar of our food ecosystems and the driving force behind innovative solutions for food justice. And the vision ultimately is we want to kind of be a model for small scale grocery stores in low income neighborhoods, show how retail can be a solution for food insecurity, and also how you can provide choice and dignity in the shopping experience in these neighborhoods. So, kind of similar values in terms of giving people consumer choice and access and affordability, and really try to support local economies and local food vendors and food providers. This is an overview of the two main projects, main developments in terms of the food ecosystem, and Iman, so we have the fresh market, and then right across the street is a food wellness center. So the fresh market, it's a non-profit grocery store, and then the food wellness center like a typical food pantry. So the only difference is the connection between the fresh market and the fact that we run it as a client choice. So we don't put any limits on what people can take out of the center. And yes with that we do twice weekly distributions on Tuesdays and Thursdays. We try to integrate that with our health center, so providing that recommendation to people who are experiencing food insecurity when they get screened at the health center. We also have our community health worker teams at those distributions to provide information on other health care care screenings and they do blood pressure readings and then we're trying to do more in terms of like SNAP benefits, understanding the changes that are happening and how they can stay enrolled. We're also looking to increase like nutrition and cooking classes with our Food and Lana Center. So in terms of like the innovative food programs at the fresh market, one thing that we've done is we work with the Greater Chicago Food Depository at the Food and Wellness Center. And with them we also developed this Fresh Boost program, which provides in-store credit to food and secure households. It kind of runs similar to the SNAP program, so the idea is almost it's alternative to food pantries. So instead of providing money or support, financially to the pantry to purchase food, which people then come in and have to make decisions based on what the food depository provides, this is putting credit directly into people's pockets to go into the fresh market. Anytime they want, so it gets them like that freedom of choice, that freedom of when they go and shop and then they that renews every month to give them like a stipend to purchase whatever they are looking for at the market. We ran a pilot program with 30 households and since that pilot program we've continued to run this with Kennedy King College so city colleges of Chicago offering it to students. Our plan was to run a second cohort with 100 individuals but it's kind of due to funding. We haven't really been able to get that off the ground yet. We also do subsidized product offerings. So because we're not in profit, we're able to utilize grant funds. And one of the ways that we've done that is to subsidize groceries. And specifically, we kind of focus on local products and kitchen staples. So the example we always use is that we sell a dozen farm raised pasteurized eggs for $3.00 and the cost of those for the market is $7.00. So now you've been taking account like the margin that we would make on that. We're just losing $4.00 at cost the way we sell them. So we use these grant funds to offset those costs and kind of keep things affordable for the community. Other things on that list, the grant funds are like eggs, milk, a lot of dairy products, bread and chicken and beef. And then we also just have an extensive discount and acceptance of federal programs. So we accept SNAP. I don't know if you guys are familiar with the Lincoln Match program, but it's like a voucher program that extends the amount of SNAP dollars up to five dollars per day for produce. So if you've spent a few by five dollars worth of produce, yeah you can like use these vouchers to like double basically what you're able to buy in terms of produce. We also accept your WIC, which is women's children and infant food assistance. And then in terms of discounts, we have a long-standing 5% off for all residential and gold residents. We have a loyalty program, so every time you spend, you earn points that you can use to get discounts on future purchases and actually just introduce another deal where trying to increase basket size to get people to purchase more groceries or do all their shopping, like a one-stop shop. So for every $30, you spend, you get 10% off. $30 you spend you get 10% off. I think we can kind of move through these. These are just more information on the food access programs. Just some general stats. And once again, I wouldn't-- I can give you updated versions of all these numbers. Right now, we're at over 9,000 rewards. In turn, the total sales discounted. That number has been consistent around 9,10%. So of our total sales, about 10% get discounted. And then Snap and EBT make up a really large percentage of our total customer base. So 20% of transactions are made with EBT, which is the card for SNAP benefits. And I think about 23% of our total revenue comes from SNAP. So with the changes happening, it's something we're really focusing on, we're part of the coalition with a greater Chicago food depository to advocate for retaining SNAP benefits in Illinois. There's a lot of that funding is going to be reliant on from the states going forward. And also just going out there and making sure community is aware of the changes and the different kind of requirements in terms of eligibility to ensure that people don't lose those benefits. We've also, we work with over 25 local and BIPOC vendors. We've currently, we've, this isn't at the same time, but like over the span we've had 14 full-time jobs, we've been all kind of from the community and we've been in operation for four post-years. Yeah, this is, I mean, this deck needs a lot of updates. We can skip this, but we've really made a, I go a strong impact in connection with the community. I think in turn we've round like a couple of community surveys to see how we can improve. It's the big thing we see is just like people say, like just continue what you're doing, stay open. You know, some people would like to see us stay open a little later, add another store location, or expand people of ass for like delivery, just something we've considered, as well as like to some different grocery options, breakfast. We have a deli section, so we do have a kitchen in the market. We do fresh smoothies, which is like a huge seller for us, kind of like our biggest single items or other smoothies. And as a Muslim organization, all of our-- not all, but we have a lot of halal offerings and everything that comes out of the deli. All of our fresh meals are halal. offerings and everything that comes out of the deli of our fresh meals are whole all. We also do a lot of advocacy working with Greater Chicago Food Depository as well as just kind of marketing to kind of talk about what we're doing and our goals and our mission sharing our story trying to provide technical support to other organizations who are interested in similar type of offerings and running a grocery store, how that works. In terms of community impact, this is kind of for Go Green and Reseen as a whole. So that includes the fresh market, the regenerator, and a lot of that development on 63rd and Racine, which is where the fresh market is located. We've done, so it's part of like the griot plaza that we've had some infrastructure improvements such as a bike rack, which is something like, again little amenity amenities are things that just aren't in abundance in that area especially at that corner which used to be very unsafe like there was no basic unlit and it was kind of like abandoned especially after the store that was there burned down. We've added public Wi-Fi. We have outdoor seating. So at the time that we put our patio seating in the Creole Plaza, this is the first public outdoor seating in Englewood. And then we've also been doing very active and transit advocacy, whether that is for the CTA station as well as trying to put in a Diddy station. In terms of safety and walkability, we have a lot of public programming. At the Greal Plaza, we've input lighting around that corner to kind of, you know, keep improve the safety in terms of at night. We also have a community engagement and safety team that is working at the fresh markets. There's always station at the fresh market as well as the Food and Wellness Center to kind of handle any disputes and, you know, talk to our customers with anyone in the community who needs kind of some assistance and catalytic investments, those are kind of specifically like the fresh market and regenerator over $40 million of cattle investment has gone into this corner through housing workforce development, holistic healthcare and the fresh market. So those are like the big three. Then in terms of vibrant community nodes, like again, we're trying to activate a lot of these spaces for the community, public partnerships, and programming spaces for relaxation and dining, just beautification efforts, putting in native plant landscaping along the plaza. We're working, we have a few other lots along this corridor that are currently just open, open big and lots and we're currently planning like how we wanna transition those, whether that's into just open spaces, community gardens, or something bigger than that. Bike parking, divisation, and then that patio seating, which was the only business of patio seating in Anglwood when it opened. We're also looking at the, like this is our headquarters, which the project here is the Iomon Oasis. So kind of revitalizing that into a place also for the community to come and gather, opening up just plans to open up a cafe, have a courtyard, other community gathering area as conference rooms, and then the art studio and meditation spaces. Almost done. Then in terms of transit advocacy, I touched on this briefly. So one of the big advocacy organizing campaigns that Amman has been active in over the past kind of five, six years has been, it's called "Gulg Greenlight the Greenline." So this is another instance of something, this was in 1994, there was regular maintenance done on a lot of the CTA stations in Chicago. So the Greenline station, which is directly behind the fresh market, was closed for maintenance. We're told everyone was told that it would be, you know, reopened once it was done. It's been 30 plus years and it's never reopened. So, the Green Line at the Green Line Station has been an effort to get that Green Line Station reopened and improve kind of transit and public transportation within Englewood. And as of December, as part of the transit bill that passed through the House and Senate and signed by Governor Pritzker, they have set a completion date for the racing conversation to be opened by 2029. So that was a huge huge win recently and there's going to be some announcements from a man coming soon. I think the spring we're hoping to have like a like a community kind of event organizing event at the real plaza by the racing station to kind of celebrate that win and keep the pressure also on the state to follow through on that. There's a timeline. So it's actually, yeah, started in 2019. There's been a lot of efforts over the years to kind of get it to where it is now, but effort is not. And the building pass, there's still a lot of work to be done to actually get the station to be opened. I think that's kind of it. We can talk about model coalition, really, this is just essentially like planning the visions, which is what I think this project is mostly about, like, what are the things that we can do within the next 10 years looking forward to our 2040 plan to increase the work that we've done and develop a pipeline of actual projects and create an environment conducive to attracting momentum, investment, economic opportunity and things that really will have an impact on quality of life in England. These are all of our core partners. Yeah, any questions? No, that was a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Well, thank you very much. I didn't know all of this coming into it. I'm very much in awe, especially at like the thing with the eggs like losing $4 in margin and like I know that it's a lot of like grand funny nut is required to uphold that so that's really impressive. My question is I know part of your like ethos is to spur economic development in the neighborhood and to do that that requires capital investment? - Yep. - How do you bet or how do you make sure that capital coming in is like good capital because historically a lot of these areas deal with like some lords and corporations that are really looking to exploit. I'm sure you guys do a good job at that, but I'm just curious what that process looks like. - Yeah, so Sanna, who you'll meet, she kind of handles a lot of the big relationships in terms of our donors. But I would say a lot of this comes from grants, so there are, you know, legal agreements, like stipulations on how we can use the money and like where that is coming from. We don't really like get involved with like, I would say a lot of individual donors or like corporations. And again, a lot of this is community based. So I think just having like santa meets with our donors, our philanthropists and like the big community organization community development organizations. So we have like very strong lasting relationships. I think this partly what this, these, you know, these pillar, these partnerships, these aren't just like people who come in and give us a million dollars as like a tax write off or, you know, we're vetting these people and having strong partnerships to ensure that they're like in this for the right reasons and in this for like the visions that we see for Englewood and for Chicago Law and in the South Side, and what our goals and what our values are. So I would say it's mostly relationship-based, ensuring that we are in the partnerships for the right reasons. And then also, like I said, a lot of these are grant funds. And some of, we get a lot from the know, we get a lot from the state. We get a lot from the city. And then kind of the, we work with like crown family philanthropy. It's like kind of like the big, big foundations that, you know, are established and kind of, and like there's a lot of agreements in legal procedures in place. Yeah. I also have a follow-up question. How are these focus areas identified as like priority. - Yeah, I think similarly like, Amana is very connected to the community and rooted in the community. Like so they've been open as an organization they've been in Chicago, and the next 97, which is bordering, right next to Angolids. So, and a lot of staff is from the community. You know, I think it's just connection in having those open communications and forums and seeing what people need are the founder of Aman, Rami, grew up in Englewood and people come to him, I think, asking for him to do a lot of these things. Like, I think I mentioned for the fresh market, that was something that the owner of that building said that you should open the store here. They've been talking to corner stores and kind of advocating for kind of like a model market of how it should be, what a dignified market would look like. And I think a lot of these kind of come from just seeing the need and seeing and hearing it from the community and then realizing that, if someone's going to take the action, it might as well be us. And then I think I, yes, like, I mean, simply I've been very impressed in my time that I've been at a mom just like, when I first, yeah, first heard about all these things and like the amount of capital and fusion that is going into these projects, I was, yeah, I was kind of floored. I was like, I didn't know nonprofits could the amount of capital and fusion that is going into these projects. I was, yeah, I was kind of floored. I was like, I didn't know nonprofits could be involved in so many different things. And so yeah, I think it's a lot of just connection and seeing the need and then hearing it directly from the communities. And with that, like, how is community feedback considered? We've pulled community forums so like open town halls. We it is, Iman, like the the headquarters is like an open space like a prayer space and they do a lot of community events. So I think it's just kind of almost just that natural relationships that's been developed over the years, where people know that they can come in. Like it's a cooling center in the summer, it's a warming center in the winter. So like people come to a man in the community when they need something. - Mm-hmm. - And I think similarly, I briefly mentioned our community engagement in safety teams. Would love to get you all to meet Daki, who is the head of community engagement in safety. And the region we don't call it security. Because it's,'s you know they act as like a security team as special at our at our buildings but they're they're really ingrained in the community like they we they do walks to kind of inform people of the different services that we have enaman that's at the health center or at fresh market, or different events, food drives, co-drive, things like that that are happening. And he's really tied in, he's also a lot of the department or people who came either through green reentry or like, you know, grew up in the neighborhood and they, I feel a lot of the organization knows what's happening in England and the kind of the needs and artists connected to the community in a way that they hear the problems and understand kind of what people are asking for. Yeah. What does the, I know you guys do case management as well, so like on the individual level. Yeah. What does the life cycle for that look like are folks sort of coming in and exiting at the one year mark, two year marks, and similarly when you have in mind for life cycle, for folks coming into the reentry housing program. It's the reentry, that's the housing, right? Yeah, yeah. Green reentry encompasses-- I think it's a lot of things. Like it does do-- it kind of case management and workforce development, but also does provide housing. I think we're needed. And a lot of the people in the housing program are part of the Green Reimshy Workforce Development Program. I would say, definitely, I probably need to get back to you on in terms of case management and how that typically looks like what the life cycle is for that, 'cause I'm not as deep into that, I guess. So, but I can definitely get some more information. >> Thank you. >> Mm-hm. [BLANK_AUDIO] >> Are there any initiatives that have been successful, like have been most successful, that Mon has, you know, obviously like, through the different ones that you've just walked us through. - Yeah, I would say, the fresh market is definitely one that people in the community are probably most aware of. I think the relationship between grocery store and the community can be very strong, especially in a food desert, where there aren't a lot of options, and where it's kind of rooted in like I wouldn't say I mean we are we're operate like it's a non-profit but it is also like a business in a lot of ways so it's a different model but I think you know there is that connection to the community where I talk to our manager, Maurice, and if someone comes in and they really just like, you know, they said, "I just really need something." And he knows that they've been in before and they've, you know, this isn't someone who comes at all the time asking for food, but if they're just really on hard times that they need, like a meal, we'll give that to them. And we know that they'll come in and like a citizen. Not some of the people are trying to take advantage of. It's just it's really kind of like a special connection. So the fresh market has been I think a big like for the community and for for the community and for like a man, it's been in terms of like the recognition it's gotten to has been like a really big win. The health center, I know that project has been in the works for a long time in terms of expansion and then the regenerator. Those haven't like broke ground and kind of bit fully realized yet, but they are in the final stages and I think seeing those kind of finally come to life will be really special for the community and for a mon as well. And then you know yeah even like the Green Wrenchy program I know like we have we we see a lot of people who kind of come back and kind of stay within the organization that went through that program. And then just kind of going off on that. How is he on able to determine what initiative should be prioritized at this time or are they all given the same resources? How does the capacity to look for the initiatives? - Yeah, a lot of it comes from funding. So whether or not, I guess, for the Fresh Market and House Center because they are revenue generators, they have a little bit of a built-in I'm a organ health center because they are revenue generators. They have a little bit of a built-in kind of, you know, so, economic so they can support themselves in their own a little bit. For some of the other ones, it does come down to, I think, like funding. It's like our community health work team works a lot with Chicago Department of Public Health and they have received a lot of funding for that to expand their programs. That's another department I think would be interesting to have you kind of hear from our manager then. He does a lot of really great work in the community in terms of like kind of call them like the glue between a lot of these different departments because they're you know they obviously work closely with the health center but they're done at the Food and Wellness Center on distribution days providing a lot of like enrollment benefits and in education and nutrition education and they do case where it go to. So yeah so their funding comes from like the CDPH and then I think I can yeah I can try to figure out a little bit more on that too or like dive in deeper than that, but yeah, if that's, I think just to clarify for all of us. How would we bring the most valuable value to you guys, would you guys want us to sort of flesh out your tenure plan a little bit more deeply, I guess? Like, are you wanting us to look into the economic sort of like, what would another grocery store look like? Or just kind of like, doesn't it sense? Yeah, definitely. I think what we're trying to understand most is, again, like, we're working on understand most is, again, like, we're working on these projects, these interventions, whether that's like, you know, what are the community health center, what are the impacts that have on a neighborhood with a demographics of Chicago lawn and Englewood? What is putting a grocery store into a food desert? How does that impact public health and quality of life? I think maybe finding out what other interventions, what projects or what programs have been implemented in different areas that have had real success, whether that could be like, yeah, what are the impacts of two grocery stores or like the capacity needed for health care. And I think we can work on this together. Like, you know, we can brainstorm and better on ideas. But I think that's kind of the idea in terms of like, just kind of, you know, putting our brains together and like finding out or like doing a little bit more research in terms of like, what are the interventions? What are the things that really have the most meaningful impact for public health in a community that is maybe a little bit disinvested in? How do you raise you know, quality life and like I said, that age gap between street-reville and Englewood? That could be things too like public transit. Like, how does that impact quality of life? Does that give people more access to healthcare, to, you know, what are things like public Wi-Fi, even things like that? What are they trying to quantify some of these things? 'Cause I think the idea is then to, if we have more concrete evidence of the impacts of these things, it's a lot easier than to go to these partners, yeah. And be like, you know, we need funding to get to the final step of our health center expansion because here's how it's gonna make an impact on these on this community on our service area and a lot of these things like I think Northwestern Memorial Hospital is a big partner in terms of the health center Because they see the benefit of having a community health health care community like having a federal qualified health center in these areas because that reduces the amount of, like, it reduces their costs of like providing care for that community. Like it helps, boosting that public health level in Englewood, like lessons are burden on them. - Yeah. - Yeah. - Yeah. - I do have two more questions. I don't wanna like, anybody else. - No, you. - Yeah. - Yeah. I do have two more questions I don't wanna like, anybody else. - No, you're a question. - We got time, like I said, we got a few hours. A very tier one question. Transmittent mobility is so incredibly important. So I'm curious if you guys just give out like venture about trying something. - I think we can say we're done. - No, but I think we considered that. No, but that would be the definitely an idea to look into. I think there's a CTA stop right there, right? Yeah. There's bus stops. Yeah. There's the green line goes to Ashland in 63rd. So I think it's actually like maybe a mile from the nearest CTA style. - But the bust is, yeah, there's a bust up at the corner. - I have a question this morning. Were there any initiatives that were less effective or like that a mine has started but paused were like stop doing yeah not that I I'm trying to think so actually um I don't know if we've given up on any of them, but I'm on always this right now. It has been kind of put on the, on hold. So there are, I think there are things just based on like capacity and like focus. Like right now the focus is getting the health center and the regenerator across the finish line because they are in the final stages. We've completed the capital stack for the health center. So it basically comes down to now like we're trying to get approval for a new market tax credit to in like it's it's kind of timing because now we have you know we have all these grants and a lot of them are have timelines on them so it's kind of like okay we need to we need to move this or we're in danger of losing some of these funds and kind of reverting back and then that loses confidence from the city. And it just-- anytime there's kind of a setback that could be-- it could kind of kill the momentum and cause real challenges in terms of the long-term feasibility of a project. So I think-- so right now, this project has really-- hasn't really been moving at all, hasn't been a priority. So, but in terms of like things that just didn't work, I would have to talk to Sana. I'm excited for you all to meet her 'cause she is awesome and she can answer a lot of these questions probably better than I can, but she's been, she's a cheap growth and strategy director as I mentioned, and she's been around since 2018, so she would know if there's been things that like they've tried to do that just didn't work out, and I'm sure there probably has. Yeah. >> Did you want to? >> Okay, yeah. >> My question is, how would you evaluate? There is also page projects in both short term and long term apart from asking for community feedback. >> Yeah. >> And how do they evaluate whether there is spillover, they can neighbor in neighborhoods? >> Yeah. I can answer that. So your question is like how do we like by the way, like success in impact? Yeah. And then yeah. For, I know for the fresh market we have a few different ways. They're kind of just like basic, you know, how business metrics that we're looking at in terms of like total revenue and and clients like transactions, average basket size, how much people are purchasing. We're trying to, as I said, market and build the fresh market as a grocery store, a place that you can come in and buy all your groceries. It's got a footprint of more of like a convenience store, but we do have, you know, we have fresh produce, we have a meat section, frozen section, groceries. So you can do all of your shopping there. So we look at things like that. We also obviously as like a social organization, we are looking at things like SNAP, utilization, our discounts, people are utilizing those discounts in what percentages of our revenue are coming out of discounts. Also, those programs, like, so a lot of these metrics that I showed are things that we're looking at, you know, how many vendors, local vendors were providing business to and like an access to, you know, sell their goods. And then like these programs too. So, you know, what, we keep track of, you know, how many, like the list of the grant supported food items, how much people are purchasing from those. And then, so we also need to keep track for grant purposes of how much we are allocating and subsidizing from these. And then, similarly, the kind of more advanced metrics, I guess, you know, in terms of, like, we do want to eventually get to, like, a relatively stable financial position at the fresh market. It's difficult being, I mean, grocery stores already have pretty thin margins. So when you add in the extensive discounts that we offer and like the trying to keep things affordable and at a price point that is compatible to the income of the neighborhood, it makes it really difficult to turn a profit and that's not the goal but we are trying to at least get to kind of like a more financial stable position so we're looking at like our net income as a percentage of labor and overall kind of grocery store like margins. So I think like again the idea is to be a model for other people who want to do something similar. And if they're a nonprofit then they can access some grants like funds and do things that we're doing. But if they're not a nonprofit, then how do you, you know, what are the ways you can do something similar without having access to that additional source of income, which right now is providing that income gap for us at the market. That was a lot of long-winded for that. But then also like at the health center, I think, similarly, we're looking at clients served. And I can look into a little bit more of the health center. Like I said, I mostly, at the fresh market, I do a lot of operations at the fresh market, I do a lot of operation at the fresh market and with these programs so I can kind of speak more fluently on like what we're looking at there but I can also reach out and find more about the health center and how they quantify some of those impacts. And how do look at the effects of labor and community development in general? Because the existence of fresh market already means that people are going to be like, "Hey, Pierre, and have access to better food." You're creating jobs in the same neighborhood. And that should increase their ability to pay for the fresh market. So do you have any sort of vision in general or a neighborhood called you're gonna trust formats in across all areas? - Yeah, I think that is like a big goal of the Go Green Development Group. I didn't really talk about that much, but so Aman is part of this Go Green Development Group, which the kind of initiative that is Go Green Unreseen, I think I saw you had that on your slides. So that is a separate group with other angled organizations. So teamwork, angled, eG wood and rage. So we were working with those organizations kind of on a community vision of like development. So I think yeah, there is it is like a like a holistic vision of how we can develop the community, provide resources. I think obviously transit is something connecting Englewood and that intersection to the rest of the Southside and to downtown. We're working with the Angled Chamber of Commerce to kind of provide opportunities at the Grille Plaza for more commerce, for vendors to come in and sell. I think the regenerator in housing development, bringing in more housing opportunities in like housing development, bringing in more housing opportunities, supportive housing, and workforce development training, things like that. I think he's trying to attract development. I think that capital infusion and like bringing in those developments, we hope to see that kind of attracts other businesses to the area. Like I said, we're not trying to be in competition with anyone. We're definitely in this to kind of, you know, support local food businesses and food vendors and, you know, see that development of the community as a whole. I'm sure it's an answer to your question. But it does. It reminds me of the Costco, you know, the Costco appears. It usually, first of all, it boosts vaseous in the area because this strategy is to pay higher wages than not waste money when we were growing and also they always order more than they need and that creates some consistency for suppliers so I guess this kind of what they're doing right here. Yeah I think that that's part of the idea of like the the grant subsidy too. We're providing an opportunity for these vendors to sell their goods, but they're getting paid at the prices they need, but we're able to sell them and a price that the community can afford. So we see it as a win-win in both ways. And yet, you talked about the jobs to mention that, but Amman is very adamant on paying a living wage to all employees. So currently at the Fresh Market, we have three full-time employees. Like our store manager, kitchen manager, and one of our storekeepers in this full-time play but then we also have four part-time employees and yeah so yeah I think you know it is an economic opportunity I think the but I think the idea is just also bringing in that capital infusion and that investment in the neighborhood, beautifying it. So just like I think people have seen just the impact of like having a safer corner, like more foot traffic in the area. And you know that that does lead to more development it does yeah I'm going to study on it it says it's that after certain neighborhoods have been cleaned yeah it led people to be spent more time outside and that made the neighborhood like Baldi's itself and therefore no crime was going on and the I think it wasn't Philadelphia so the amount of crimes committed per year reduced by like 3-3 So yeah, it does have a massive effect I also wanted to ask About how people react to these changes I also wanted to ask about how people react to these changes. Do people move out if they have an IR salary or do they start creating more economic opportunities but how often do they engage with E-man? - Yeah, I think for the Green Reentry Program, people who've gone through the workforce development, I guess that a lot of them stay with them on in different roles, whether that's, I know we have some commercial custodians that went to the program, operations, teams that went to the program operations teams, who went to the program and who have some construction background to that. I'm not sure about seeking, you're in terms of starting their own business or things like that, but like... - Maybe within email they have ideas. - Yeah, definitely. And I think a lot of people, in terms of the reaction to these developments, it's been overwhelmingly positive, even from other businesses. And I think that goes of goes back to just the Mon's status in the neighborhood. So I haven't heard of anyone being forced out. Like I don't think that would never be the goal. And if that is something that a project was doing, I think we would really revisit it and kind of see if it's worth pursuing. You know, yeah. Well, I know the four stops may be. It's just like a different level of another hit. Oh, yeah, definitely. And I think that's something I mentioned. I would reach out to a greater entry team to see and get more information on job placement and opportunities that people have gone on to. Definitely. Yeah, another question I had is to focus on health care. Like, is there organization leaning towards health care more as opposed to other projects, like just beautifying the neighborhood, reducing crime rate, or is it not very early? - I would say healthcare is one of the, I mean, it is like one of the pillars, you know, that I talked about at the start. I think it goes back to like just seeing the need that like there is historically happened to be so not necessarily like if we find a better project in another area. Yeah, no, it's gonna be really good for sure. Like I don't think we're For sure. I don't think we're not just behold into staying in those. If there is something else that we find in terms of interventions for crime prevention or whatever, you might find that's definitely the things that we can integrate into a future plan and start building towards those projects. I think healthcare is something that we've been doing historically and have built up based on the need that we saw 20, 25 years ago. It started small and we've gotten to the point where we're working with Northwestern Memorial Hospital and trying to put together you know 30,000 square foot qualified, credit qualified health care expansion. So yeah nothing starts like you know you start small and then you build up but so yeah if there's other big ideas that we find we definitely want to hear about them. If you're even at something that we're not currently like involved in, that's something that we would then kind of put into like a 10-year plan. Yeah. Hey Kyle. Yeah, I'm curious. It seems like a lot of the focus is on Engord and Surroundn neighborhoods. A lot of the systemic issues which you brought up and with respect to food insecurity, housing, you see a lot of those on the West Side of Chicago as well. And given that Emon has already built up, it's like credibility and it's access to funding. I'm curious if by the time 2040 comes around if you guys have is there any interest in sort of setting up any like operations there similar initiatives? I have a great question. I would I do know I'm not sure if you saw this in like your research but we do have a office in Atlanta. So it's not just focused on Chicago. I think going back to our roots in the neighborhood that we are like, our staff has kind of like, knows and has been like, veer up in and has that really strong relationship in Ritzen. I don't know if we're looking to like, you know, start a health center and in like, West side of Chicago. I think what we would be interested in doing is like being the model, like I was saying. So like if there is an organization, we have partner organizations, but it is typically rooted on the saw side. But that's probably, that is a good idea of like, what are, how do we expand? Or kind of like maybe also learn from what people are doing on the West side as well, of like, in kind of trading, or like having that information kind of transfer. I think that would be more of, yeah, like a broad building of partnerships and kind of using the knowledge and skills that we've gained and things that we've learned from the projects that we've done to kind of help them, help organizations that have more of that connection in their neighborhoods, do similar things. - Yes, I was like, you guys don't wanna like sort of base someone weird. - Not that you're outsiders, but you don't have that sort of culture capital. - Yeah, I think so. But that's a good question. I can ask if there's to get more clarity 'cause that would just be my guess from my time. - Yeah, I wanna ask about like, do you guys have any like other cities or like organizations or like even just like other neighborhood that you guys kind of like want to look at it at like example that are kind of like doing what you guys like want to do like as a reference? Yeah, that's a great question. We do, I know we, I remember one of my first projects, and I was like, interning in the Mon was to look at like organizations or like places that do kind of like a similar like holistic approach to to any development and health and wellness. So I can share that old like kind of presentation or write up. There's a few, I know like it was, like a lot of it was through the part like housing and urban development. So but yeah, I think that's definitely something we want to do like in this project is find examples for sure. So I have like that evidence of past projects and see how they've done and kind of try to replicate that. How's Google? How's Google? How's Google? How's Google? How's Google? How's Google? How's Google? How's Google? If you turn to the housing hub, because like, why did you make the decision to make a housing? I would assume that it's still important to have a school down. So the school was closed in 2003. Wasn't yours? No. It's been abandoned. closed in 2003. No, it's been abandoned. It's just been an empty building. So we purchased it with-- this is also another project for the great Go Green Development Group, Go VNRC Initiative. and go beyond the receipt initiative. You're right, I think there is probably would be neat, I think for additional, probably like early education, but, and that's probably something we can look into for sure, I think education is an area that, Mon is involved in, and I'm not really sure. The logistics are like the, you know, I wouldn't know how we would go about like reopening at school. Especially, I guess it would have to be a good private school, private school working with CPS. I'm not sure. It seems hard. But all this is hard. But yeah, I guess I think that we're not the first project to do something similar. I know there's other-- and I can share those with you, there's other schools that have been turned into supportive housing units on the south side. I think there's actually another one in Englewood. So it has kind of a precedent for this type of project. And I'm not sure if there was ever a thought of reopening it as a school. I think the, and I'm not sure what the process would be for that. Okay. Yeah. Maybe not a fool. Go ahead, you're ready. I was just going to ask, sorry. Does Yvonne have any initiatives that do target youth development? We are beginning, I think, trying to focus on that. We do have, like, it's called a Weekend Warriors program. And it's, like, with the Green Development, the Green Reentry as part of kind of workforce training. More so, I think, just like, it is a way to engage youth in the summers when school is out and I can provide more information on that too but I know there is there has been more effort into providing, I think, for use. I know a lot of our partners have kind of are living that space a little bit more. I think teamwork and good. There's a lot of use engagement. But it's definitely something I think a man should have invest more in. Yeah, I look into this also. I've seen programs where Sordan kids were basically educated and it reduced the crime rate significantly. Like a completely random neighborhood, like a bike house. And I think the cost of that was like $50,000 per student. So this is also something we should look for. Another question is what's your policy on the user thing? I would assume that this is all of the information and also an unprofit. There would be no restrictions. I would just give ourselves. Yeah, I don't know of any. I can check in. I haven't heard of any issue. I wouldn't imagine it would be. Do you know what, for what use cases you're thinking? For collecting data, don't connect in the dots because I think we are going to need a lot of it. Yeah. Oh yeah, I mean, if it's-- If it's-- It's going to be a lengthy. Yeah. No, any public data analysis that you, yeah, are pretty use any tools. And then maybe we would need to connect that data with our partners and with our projects that we currently have. So that's what I was asking about. Once again, I'm not too worried about the projects of email itself. Like I will assume once again, it's a nonprofit. It's probably generous to share. But maybe some of our partners, some of our investors. - Yeah. Yeah, that's a good question. I guess let me double check just to make sure we don't have any restrictions. And I guess it may depend on the type of information that's shared. Like I know, and I sure, yeah, in terms of health center data, I guess it depends on what we're sharing. Yeah, what would we be able to get access to either previous project financials or any sort of statements that can sort of benchmark our recommendations, say we come up with an idea and it would just be useful for us to know maybe like a ballpark of what we could be working with. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, we can give you kind of budget ranges of like past projects and yeah. I'm just kind of building off that chart project please agree to, this is on like short term strategy or long term or just or like a mix and both I would say like yeah a mix of both I think like He said like these projects don't just like appear. They take a lot of groundwork so I Think especially if there's a new proposal, that can be a long-term project. And I think we talked about this too in the project statement. It doesn't need to be a fully fleshed out 10-year plan, but maybe an end goal goal and then here's how you can get started. And here are the impacts that it would have upon completion. I guess what are the main stakeholders that would be affected because of our recommendations or that we should really keep in mind as we're thinking of the project. Yeah, I think like residents of Englewood, the goal is to understand, again, quantify what these understand again, quantify what these projects, what these interventions, how they improve quality of life, how they actively reduce that age gap that we see between Englewood and Streetville. That is, yeah, that's like the question that we're seeking answers for. Mm-hmm. Oh man, like I know you talked about like, capital funding is there like, I know a lot of nonprofits have like, government board of directors, like is that like a factor in terms of like, how you raise capital and how we should think of like-- - It is, but don't worry about that. Yeah, that's something Son and I will figure out. - Okay. - I would say there's nothing too big too wild. Like, yeah, if you find something, like, bring it to us. - Mm-hmm. - And if that's the budget that it takes, that's the budget it takes. - Oh, yeah. - And that just means we need to find a plan to raise that capital if we want to pursue it. - Yeah. - So there's like, on the utility side, that's waiting for a good enough project. Is what you're saying? - No, I mean, I mean, it's out there, just we need to go get it. It's not within a mon. - Yes, it's grants. - It's grants. It's grants in philanthropy and donations and federal funds. Yeah. But no, there's nothing like a slush fund that we have that we can. If the products are good enough, then that means that we'll take that what we've developed through this project and show it. That's that's a sa Anna's job and I support her in in going and getting those funds and trying to You know Encourage or get people to buy into that that goal in that project I'm a question related to the housing What's the like the the criteria or how do you say this person is qualified for doing a housing work? Yeah. That's a really great question. I know we have it. I don't want to say it, like, they just make something up or that's not that I don't fully know. There are certain criteria. I know. But yeah, let me follow up because I don't want to just say anything. But. because I don't want to just say anything. But-- Because I know in some neighborhoods or some areas, they provide housing and then sort of turn the tables. The bottom percentile of people, they get support. And then the top, they don't need support. And then it's the middle proportion that don't get the top, they don't need support and then it's the middle proportion that don't get the support because they don't qualify. - Right. Yeah, that's a good question. And like I said, no, we have some criteria. In like, I know some, like it's not required for them to be in our workforce development, but I think there is like some job training or job requirements. Yeah, let me follow up. - Thank you. - Are we able to get access to these legs? - Yeah, I can, for sure. We will share whatever information that we can. But yeah, I can definitely share these slides and I will look for others too that can provide some information, make better information, and I will update them. [LAUGHTER] I'm just wondering, generally speaking, before the amount of information or assessment potential interventions, do you guys have a standardized method of risk modeling forecasting or scenario analysis? And if so, what's the process you should be like? have a standardized method of risk modeling for casting or scenario analysis. And if so, what's the process is usually like? So question for-- do we have a standard process for like a risk analysis for these projects? Yeah. Or what kind of process is it looks like when it comes to decision to decide which project we are going to have, and not. >> I, that's something Sana would probably need to answer. >> Yeah, because she's, I would say, when I came on a year ago, a Lot of these products were in motion So I don't know if we've really started one recently that like I've seen that process I think my guess is that it goes to the board It needs board approval and like executive approval in terms of like risk assessment. I know, yeah, I think I would have to have Santa kind of talk a little bit more about that. - Thank you. - Maybe not even just for some of the potential impacts. - Right. - I think it's easy to see a problem in Englewood of the food deserts that we need, we need a grocery store, right? But if we come up with some other idea that maybe doesn't have a precedent or maybe it's a little bit less obvious how do you have any recommendation for potentially - What if I'm in the impact? - I know like Evan, we've kind of worked with you on some of that stuff, right? - Yeah. - Will you listen again? (laughing) - I'm sure we have. Like, like, like, assessment on impacts. Like, I know, like, for like the fresh market and the health center, we've, yeah. - Yeah, definitely. - Yeah, I mean, like, the way, the way that most of this works, and you can tell me if I get any of this wrong 'cause you're living it every day, but the way that most of this works and you can tell me if I get any of this wrong because you're living in every day But the way that most of the fundraising in the nonprofit space works is you have to estimate the impact in order to raise the funds because there's a very finite amount of capital that Investors are willing to allocate in the social impact in nonprofit space of the ocean and so so for the fresh market as an example, and I have this in probably do too, but the original business case very clearly detailed out what the problem is solving those unfortunately the model of this change in the last six years. So it's a lot of the same problems. And what the estimated impact of the market would be. Because it's like the return on investment in the space looks a lot different than it does in like for profit or even like government space. And so it's hard to quantify, but there are ways to do it. But like we can share the fresh market business case with you guys and you'll see very clearly laid out like what are we trying to address, how much money is it going to cost, what are we going to get for that money tangibly, and what impact do we expect that to have? - Yeah, like social ROI metrics. Like they exist, they're just, the problem with the problem with social ROI metrics is that the track in this really different. It takes like you have to track them over a much longer period of time because if you're trying to address something like a gap in health outcomes in a community like it's a very long period of how you have to check you don't need at least any impactot. That's part of why I probably like to get restaurants or so limited as well. >> Anything you'd add to that? >> No, I think, yeah. For, like, similar for the health center, I mean, there's a, we have some slides that we could share that show, like, what the issue is that we're addressing, what the impact is that we're addressing what the impact is of this expansion in terms of like capacity building services as well as just kind of operations. So yeah. - It's, I mean, to take another example within a month's focus areas, like investing in returning citizens who have been incarcerated. It's not necessarily easy to measure the impact and the impact, like, for each individual is small. But in aggregate, like the improvement to society in the long run is massive. If you can, like, reintegrate Turing citizens to society, so you have to get creative. I guess the other point. So it's a good question because what you guys are thinking about these initiatives, you're not just going to be able to say we're going to invest x to r, get y to r outcome. You're going to have to get more creative than that. And it's a good thing to be thinking about too because how you measure these things is important, even if it's hard, just because it's hard, it's moving off to do it. - Yeah, and similarly, like, how you measure when you're not looking in the one to two to five-year period. - Right. - Right, to think about those things. - Right, thank you. And that's a good point too, because, like, because, and I think, at this point, a different sort of context, but like, social impact and not profits and theo are not like competitive, like, you're not trying to win. Like, investors are trying to allocate the, again, the finite resources that have to the most impactful initiatives. And so, like, understanding what has it, hasn has been impactful in the past, it's like the best proxy that we have for estimating future impacts. Yeah, that's nice. Thank you, no. Yeah, that's great. I think that is something that we, when we talk to investors and talk to donors, is play up the impacts that, especially the fresh market, that it has on the community, like that are kind of hard to quantify, but that you can see when you come in, you can see through the amount of members and law, if you would come in and there's some of these metrics in terms of like our discounts and in the snap percentages and things like that just but it is hard to quantify like the impact that unless you have kind of been in that area and seen the differences over the like over the years. So that's something that, yeah, it does take some creative creativity in terms of how you quantify that and describe what the reason for your investment is, why it's important to support these initiatives. We'll get creative. [LAUGHTER] So there's no more questions. I would love to see the rest of your presentation. Unless you don't think it's really cool. I feel like I'm not. We came in and just kind of like, this is our impression, and our impression has been impressed. So I feel like we have much better understanding of the scope and kind of what we would be doing. So, unless anybody really has a deep burning desire to present those slides. You guys are asking great questions. I think, I think, and I agree with you, like we'll take it back and pile the next time we talk. I think about how I think good set of hypotheses and the notion of everything. Would it be useful for you guys to just get really crisp on the deliverables one more time and just speculate skills through the scope as it was written and make sure that everything you learn this morning ties back. That'd be helpful. I think so. I would also use that to then kind of build in any logistical questions you have. Like, setting up media media. Yes. Making sure that you're at least able to get Kyle's schedule so that you can go back and figure out what works best for them. (keyboard clicking) Definitely. - Do you have the project statement? I can pull it up. - You guys have a thing. - Yeah, we have. - Yeah, we have it. ( (keyboard clicking) - Oh no. ( (msteps) - Oh no. (mumbling) [BLANK_AUDIO] I was taking taking a look. I'm just curious how does a mind get people to participate in the program? Does a mind reach out to people or did you just come in? For which program? - For like housing or like career development? - Yeah, another good question. I think we probably get a lot of referrals from past, like students or past participants. We do have like our community health work teams in our community engagement safety are out in the community talking to people. We don't have like, I don't say we do a ton of marketing for them. So I would guess it's mostly word of mouth in like kind of boots in the ground recruitment. And just I think people again in the community are aware of them on and the services and if they they might not know of all them but if they have issues I think a lot of people kind of just will come or try to reach out and ask for help. So like when a mon housing a new initiative or offense will just Would you say it's like the participation rate where... It's hard to say, yeah, I guess we can do... We count attendees, I guess. It depends on the event. It depends on the events. We do an annual turkey drive where we have 500 turkeys that get donated. I know we have a list of people every year who come and those get taken immediately. I guess I'm not, I don't know, I don't know if we have like a, like a way to measure like, I feel like a tenants rate of like the neighborhood or like the community or like the service area. - Like like aens rate for like events where like how, because I know I'm not as very engaged with a community, but I'll like engage the community. T is to mine. Yeah. I'm not sure, yeah, I'm not sure the right way to answer that would be, I guess. I just, we just know like the amount of guests that we get like the fresh market and the amount of clients that we serve at the health Center, but in terms of like, integration into the community, or like what percentage of the community, like the rate of attendance or service, I'm not totally sure how we answer that right now. - I guess then do want to look at like the deliverables expected. >> Mm-hm. >> Throw them as I find this project. >> Yeah. >> Walk through the O's. >> Someone. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. >> I'm trying. [ Inaudible ] >> Yeah. >> I did the one thing. [ Inaudible ] >> I need to go ahead and go ahead. [ Inaudible ] >> Oh, it doesn't. I need to go ahead and do it. Oh, it doesn't have any straight HD noise better now. I don't think we're struggling that. It does not. No, I don't. [BLANK_AUDIO] Do you kind of want to walk for a real nice, but what does it mean to you that like, what would that look like? >> Yeah. So I think, yeah, in terms of like, in a market assessment of most effective interventions, again, we're trying to quantify like what would be what are the impacts of you know, opening the house center, increasing food access through increasing food access through, like grocery retail, increasing transit. So I think using like research from past projects, that's in Chicago or other neighborhoods, like similar neighborhoods. Trying to, trying to answer that question that we were talking about in terms of like, what we're going to donors, like what is the impact? What is it? Why this is important? And what, in any way, is that we can kind of work to quantify the quality of life or age, or increasing the life expectancy. I guess, like, right now, how do you guys like to find a quantified? Is it like leocoms? Like, does there, do you guys have like a definition for quantified? Um, I don't know. I don't think that's a, that's something I can, we can try to kind of like define together. I think it's something I can be trying to kind of, like, define together, I think. - Bye. - That's a good start. (laughs) - I'm sorry, I don't think that is. - I think you're on it. - I think I'm probably going to in the middle of the English. Let me go. Okay, I'm then I guess like, for the second part of the English. Before we move, see I think like. Maybe what I'm picturing is, like we talk about interventions in like a deck, looking at the different possibilities that we could, whether that's something that we're already kind of invested in, like healthcare, and food ecosystems and transit, housing, all the different things. going through Kind of yeah, basically like the research that we can find those Interventions of it like through I guess up to similar similar projects similar research similar neighborhoods What are the impacts that we've seen from those, what are, did there's any, in the diad, I guess, trying to define quantification of life expectancy for that. Is it going to be a challenge, I think, in terms of going through some of this literature and research. Yeah, I might go back to what Evan was saying, but even if we could get maybe just like a clear or understanding of, for example, like what a midway point would like? This helpful for us. - You say what do you mean by midway point? - Like it's five weeks in working with you guys. - Okay. - Yeah. - What should we be able to present at that point in time? - Okay. - All right. [ [] [ [ [ [] I've been in some of the else that we can work on. I mean, like, we know it's the end of the river bowl.